
What did you learn? What did you know already?
What was difficult in the lab? How did you overcome it?
How can the lab be improved? - I learnt about refrences and pointers, how you can swap values, "auto" for when the variable is of unkown type at the time and also that vaiables are specific to each "if" and "for" function. - I also learnt a lot about vectors and arrays, like how to access values, how and when to use them and such. - I knew about void functions and that they dont return anything if you're not using pointers or the &-thing. I also knew how to create if's, for's, switches and while's.  - I was stuck on 3 for such a long time since I didn't know how to add the columns togheter at the bottom while using variables from the for's outside the for's. -- To solve it, I copied the for loop to use the local variable j from the for and did my operations inside of it. - On 3 again, I created memory for the array manually and then deleted it. Since it was passed to a void fcn. However now that I think about it, I probably could've done it with pass by refrence instead which would've made it much easier.  - This lab could greatly be improved. For example: Many instructions are unclear and many things are taken for granted even though all of us are learning. Like in Task 6, I made everything inside of a main function but when I saw task 7 i made the operation parts in an own function to make it easier and copy less code. - Task 7 felt so overwhelming, we had gotten no to little information on how header files work, how refreces in projects work and why we should for example: Change configuration type to “Static library (.lib)". I would've liked better explanation on why and how all of these things work. - It is easy to assume how certain things work, but that's not really how you should learn.In all, this lab was too hard to do this early in the course and from someone who haven't gone to any booked classrooms where either one of you was there to help, it was rather difficult.That was also my mistake, which I now regret. Luckly I had internet, I never would've been able to make this lab in this time without it (considering im also late with it, sorry).